this is Justin Bieber's house and I
think you doing really well like he's
20-something hey the discovery in the
lane i'm going to serve in the Faubourg
tried the water no it's not like I'm
having a lot of fun in this inning since
I've ran away but it's our first day in
LA I'm so so happy because of the Sun
and because they can spend some time
outside of the swimsuit getting brown
because it's been raining in San
Francisco for the last two weeks so
excited to be here yeah Thank You Leigh
for all the sunshine that's so amazing
[Music]
everybody to service here to get Nate
Almeida turns out it wasn't the wrong
place just always with the guy freaked
out and he was following us like ten
miles with his lies on really holes
essence behind that and I guess really
people go crazy here
[Music]
we can do like favors lately Santa
Monica beach I know I'm being like
mainstream or whatever but how can you
not like this place look at the palm
look at the sand look who it is and the
Sun sets so beautiful I wanted to share
with you guys some of my thoughts like
when I was a child I was born raised in
Russia and my first trip abroad was when
I was 12 or 14 and it was to Finland and
to me traveling abroad was like
traveling to Mars because brush used to
be Soviet country so my parents never
traveled abroad and I was watching these
American films about Hollywood and
violet Hills and I was like wow this
looks like magic to me this looks like
somebody's traveling to Mars or living
an alien life now I have been feeling
that everything is possible as long as
you walked run
there are so many examples around me
when people from all three backgrounds
reach really really high results just by
working hard and believing in them so
they're really guys that you have a
chance come to the state and get
inspired by everything that is happening
here and I really appreciate this
feeling because this gives me strength
to do more to achieve more and to
believe that I can do things which is
great
[Music]
what are you doing it seriously you're
going to fall no okay
let them do your thing and I'm going to
show you the most expensive property
here in terms of rent so it's one
hundred twenty-five thousand six pads
seven baths and that's per month these
people just work pretty hard to buy such
an amazing house and now they enjoy life
and this is a great place to get
inspired and to you know motivate
yourself to work more obviously look at
that house like this is a palace this is
basically a palace here we go look at
that look at the average rent sixty five
thousand thirty five thousand thirty
five twenty five so I found something
cheaper as well
6350 Oh 950 sorry three beds two baths I
mean it's okay it's no luxury but you
get a great neighborhood and you just
pay an average rent for San Francisco
for example so this is Justin Bieber's
house and I think you do really well
like he's 20-something I think he's
renting this house but if he has bought
it let me know yeah super talented guy
makes a lot of money
[Music]
Wow